Update publish instructions (#779)
MetaMask/controllers: README.md

7. Publish the release on npm.

>    - This now happens automatically as part of `workflows/publish-release`...
>    - Once the `publish-release` job is complete a second job (`publish-npm`) will wait for a run approval by the `npm publishers` team.
>    - Once the workflow run is approved it will automatically publish the release to `npm`

Reviewer: This list is meant as a step-by-step guide for _how_ to publish the package. Typically each step is an action that should be taken. Saying "this happens automatically" is confusing because it still require a manual approval, and it's unhelpful because it doesn't explain what to do.

Here's a draft that focuses more on the actions the person publishing should take:
```suggestion
   - Wait for the `publish-release` GitHub Action workflow to finish. This should trigger a second job (`publish-npm`), which will wait for a run approval by the `npm publishers` team.
   - Approve the `publish-npm` job (or ask somebody on the npm publishers team to approve it for you).
   - Once the `publish-npm` job has finished, check npm to verify that it has been published.
```

> 8. Optional manual publish.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I think we can remove this. Perhaps it's worth explaining how to deprecate a package in the case of a bad release, but in any case we will have to issue a new release and so the above instructions would be sufficient for that.
